This is Sister Snow's husband.
Mr. Matsuno, why are you here?
I heard you got your revenge.
Hurry up, how are you, are you okay? Hurry up and let me see.
It's okay.
Thanks to the director today.
Thank you General Manager Gu for taking care of my bleeding house.
He's my secretary.
I should take care of him.
Well, I'll thank the director next time.
Come out, let's go home.
The general manager has thanked you today.
Director General, what's wrong with you?
Where's the pain?
Maybe he just got hurt.
Wounded but didn't they beat you?
How can you get hurt?
Umm.
Maybe I just did.
I accidentally hit it just now.
Oh, there's no power in this whole body.
How to drive.
Mr. President, don't drive today.
I'll drive you home, no need to go out.
Give me the key and I'll take you home, no need.
Secretary, just be serious with me.
Oh secretary Ho
How about today?
I'll pick you up in the morning.